### Original player questline(s)
The original quest line that brings the players to Hotshoe is the rumor of reward for evidence leading to new ingredients for mage's ink.  Emergence of new challenges, needs and requirements necessitate new inks for use in the magic arts to create and empower tomes, scrolls, inscriptions, objects/artifacts and the like with linguistic representation.  Knowledge of the reward prize(s) is not well known and the players best keep it to themselves.

Hotshoe is the perfect storm of opportunities because of the tensions present in the landscape between the carbon-based life system and a new one based on thermal energy.  The thermal energy life system is rooted in an excess of thermal energy and emergence of 'plants' with catalysts that can replace or augment photosynthesis and animal that can feed on.  The same new thermal energy life force is evident in the animals/monsters that can feed upon them.  This uproar in life chemistry is rife with opportunity to secure potential new resources for the magical ink industry.

The cover story for the quest for ink is apparent disappearance of the dwarven obsidian mines leaving a large vacuum in the source materials for the weapons/armor trade.  A trickle of Hotshoe obsidian has shown up in the marketplace without explanation or regulation.

[[1. Welcome to the Hotshoe valley]] is the obligatory step into the problem.  Meet some of the inhabitants and what they're up against.

[[2. Big fang monster showdown]] Combat at [[Locations/Big fang salt lake]] where the players are able to collect some loot in relative safety in numbers.

[[3. Encounters at the Thirsty Pebble]]  Meal at the [[Thirsty Pebble]].  Maybe the first thing players do to make acquaintances with other residents.

[[4. Chance encounters at the well]]

Questions about the local beer at the [[Thirsty Pebble]] might lead to a visit to the [[Dimble's ash yam farm]].  This will fill out the **biology of ash yams** and inform the players as they shore up their understandings of how the ash behaves.  This might point to [[Kaelen]] and what he's doing in the [[Hotshoe cemetery]].

Meetings at the [[Hotshoe public well]].  Like the [[Thirsty Pebble]], the well is a key focal point for encounters and questline openings.
-  They can learn about the importance of the ash/water problem and this connects with [[Dimble]], [[Phanzis]], [[Millicent]], and [[Jube]].
- Limitations from water and soil is a matter for [[Milton]] and his dream to plant an **apple orchard** or maybe Bonsai mini apples; just a hobby or economic success.
- [[Millicent]] wants to keep track of the chemistry of the well.  She's trying to figure out how [[Dimble]] is **brewing beer** and has plans to open an **ash yam distillery**.

At some point the players have to develop questions about the mystery of the cemetery.  Questions about the ash and **ash yam biology** could lead to further investigations of how the ash is changing the landscape.  Kaelen has some ideas about ash and '**the harvest**'.

Lodging at the [[Vacant house]].  There is no lodging in Hotshoe and the players might be offered to stay at a vacant house (backstory of the previous owner) in hopes they might decide to move in and help develop Hotshoe.  This quest will help the 

The cemetery problems.  Kaelen, ash, ash spore husks, Hotshoe cemetery, Jube's responsibilities and the showdown.

[[Phanzis]] needs help to improve his [[Phanzis' greenhouse]].

The greenhouse solution unfolds at the [[Dwarven cemetery]] where the players go to seek the dust/ash control system from the dwarf mines.

The obsidian scavengers [[Orion]] - an unexpected encounter, some loot for keeping secrets.

After hours stakeout.  Sneaking around Hotshoeat night to learn more about [[Kaelen]], [[Jube]]  and the [[Hotshoe cemetery]].

[[Dwarven cemetery]] ash spore husk emergence showdown part II.
