This becomes possible once the players conclude there's enough unresolved secrets that need some new facts to settle the matter for themselves.

After hours stakeout.  Sneaking around Hotshoe at night to learn more about [[Kaelen]], [[Jube]]  and the [[Hotshoe cemetery]].

**lead in hooks**
There are several ways players can get the idea and summon the courage to take this on. 
- General lines of development: they learn about the problem with the ash and the cause effect relations.  Speaking to the residents they discover there are multiple interpretations of this and a degree of distrust and uncertainty about the future.  The competing lines of thought:
	- Jube is worried that the cemetery is 'unsettled' and is having troubles getting, testing and applying the holy water.  This conflicts with Kaelen's assertion that the holy water will interfere with the fungus and lead to imminent destruction.
	- Kaelen is harvesting fungus at the cemetery and says it is part of the final harvest.
	- Phanzis wants to keep ash off his produce
	- Dimble is indifferent because he knows the ash is here to stay and it works for his business
	- Millicent sees the ash/water issue as a puzzle to be solved, she's on everyone's side.
	- Yingman is trying to keep order and can recite the multiple interests and doesn't see the difference of opinion and interpretation anything that will disrupt the citizens of Hotshoe.  He might help players to discover the differences in a conversation where he points players to ask someone else.  Access to Yingman needs a reason to consult with him and he may be the nudge that moves their attention to another line of inquiry or to settle on a quest to resolve a question.
- If Yingman thinks a stakeout is warranted and trusts the players he may instruct Glour to let them carry out their spying. 

**A helping hand**
- Each of the 'contestants' in this uncertainty might offer the players some manner of aid to help be successful in their spygames.
	- Any of the suspects  encountered in the sneak/spy process, including Glour will need to be deceived this way.  To succeed the players need to identify the suspect before they can proceed.
	- Millicent might offer some magical dust or potions to help the players stealth through dexterity modifiers or cover.
		- Something to move the air and stir up some of the ash dust (dust in the wind).
		- A way to distract or disable an observer from noticing the players - sneezing/coughing powder.
		- A novel way to deliver the means of distraction, a sling with magic bullets (Millicent's idea??)
	
**Making a difference** - what will it take for players to gather enough insight to chart a course toward success?
	- These need to be mapped onto each of the ash cause/effect/threat theories and point to what must be done to choose which one to believe.

