### This is the end game
- The conclusion of investigation and encounters inevitably leads to the nighttime or daytime showdown at the cemetery during an ash fall where the difference between Jube and Kaelen versions of the story is decided.  The sneaking job might be the players and Jube sneak up on Kaelen in the cemetery to find out what he is up to and become surprised by the ash-spore husks emergence during an ash fall.
- If they side with Kaelen on the issue then there's a similar daylight standoff where Jube is preparing to apply holy water, the ash begins to fall and the ash-spore husks emerge.

### **Taking sides and combat**
- There are several outcomes that all lead to defeat of the ash-spore husk mob.
	- Everyone helps to kill the ash-spore husks and the issue is settled diplomatically among the survivors
	- Jube dies in the process
	- Kaelen dies in the process (he sides with the ash-spore husks even if they do not side with him.)  This will be evident if he attacks the players or townfolk as they oppose the ash-spore husks.
### **Aftermath**
- The search for loot at the cemetery (ash-spore husks) and/or defeated NPC's residence.
- Reward from the town for the players help in resolving the cemetery issue.
- Conclusions from the cemetery event informs understanding the ash cause/effect relationship.  How does the town embrace the new world, what has changed and how does this present a new path for the town.
- The other quest lines take on a different flavor with the new insight.
- The dwarven cemetery comes into focus as a threat with the dead bodies there and knowledge that Kaelen was practicing his craft there.
	
