Players frequent the Kick Ask mercantile and learn of Milton's interest in orchard trees.  He show them his sapling and wants to find the right location to plant.  This is a parallel problem with the ash yam farm except the trees have different needs than the yams in terms of water and soil stability to support their weight.  The ash dust problem still exists.  

There are three patterns of agriculture here
- Ash yams are already evolved and thrive in the environment
- Some fruit trees can handle the characteristics if the right soil properties can be found, along with a consistent pattern of water availability.
	- The problem is finding the right location
	- Kaelen has Nerull's guidance cantrip and will need to be convinced to use if for the players' benefit.
	- The other approach is to work with some general characteristics to go out and choose a spot.  This might be with the players working as body guards so Milton can concentrate on finding a good location.
- Garden vegetables that need humus

If the players agree to help Milton he can provide them with the [[Hot yam fireproof boot polish]] that's made by [[Durn]] and [[Kip]].

If the players are not using leather armor then Milton might help them to be better equipped.

Dimble might help the players to know that Durn uses treated leather to help him with excursions in the lava field.

NOTE: The players may discover the ash and lava fields present difficult movement and random encounters with monsters.  They will find travel easier and safer if they are able to enlist an escort from [[Durn]] or [[Kip]].  [[Orion]] will not help the players and may be irritated if he learns [[Durn]] or [[Kip]] have been helping the players.  His irritation can be assuaged if convinced (charisma check) that helping the players might be profitable.
